.\" Manpage for chonosDDNSManager.
.\" Contact chon@grupo.cefet-rj.br.
.TH man 8 "21 Apr 2023" "1.0" "chonosDDNSManager man page"

.SH NAME
chonosDDNSManager \- ChonOS Dynamic DNS Client Manager

.SH DESCRIPTION
A client of the Chon DDNS Server. Access <https://ddns.chon.group/> to register credentials to use the service.

List of options and arguments:

--help      \- show this tutorial.

--status    \- show the DDNS registration status.

--update    \- update the DDNS registration.

-o conf     \- configures the Chon DDNS client

		-d [domain]     \- Chon DDNS domain name.

		-u [user]       \- Chon DDNS user name.

		-t [token]      \- Chon DDNS user token.

		-a [IPv4]       \- IPv4 address.


.SH EXAMPLES
chonosDDNSManager -o conf -d myrobot -u "ddns_user" -t "ddns_token"	
    Configures the DDNS Server to resolve the FQDN <myrobot.bot.chon.group> address for the machine's local IPv4 address. The user credentials are <ddns_user> and <ddns_token>.

chonosDDNSManager -o conf -d myrobot -u "ddns_user" -t "ddns_token" -a "1.2.3.4"
    Configures the DDNS Server to resolve the FQDN <myrobot.bot.chon.group> address for the IPv4 <1.2.3.4>. The user credentials are <ddns_user> and <ddns_token>.


.SH REPORTING BUGS
Research Group in Cognitive Hardware On Networks: chon@grupo.cefet-rj.br

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright © 2023 Chon Group <http://chon.group>.  License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <https://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.  There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.

.SH AUTHOR
Lazarin N. M. <chon@grupo.cefet-rj.br>.